docs(config): update output.pathinfo (#4245)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

## `output.pathinfo`

> `boolean=true` `string : 'verbose'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`boolean=true` `string: 'verbose'`
```

> Tells webpack to include comments in bundles with information about the contained modules. This option defaults to `true` in `development` and `false` in `production` [mode](/configuration/mode/) respectively. `'verbose'` shows more addition information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tells webpack to include comments in bundles with information about the contained modules. This option defaults to `true` in `development` and `false` in `production` [mode](/configuration/mode/) respectively. `'verbose'` shows more information like exports, runtime requirements and bailouts.
```
